Updates to PIV PUK documentation to reflect new behavior in firmware 5.7 (#133)
Yubico/Yubico.NET.SDK: Yubico.YubiKey/docs/users-manual/application-piv/pin-puk-mgmt-key.md

(upper- and lower-case), and even non-alphanumeric characters such as !, %, or # (among
others).

The PUK is used to unblock the PIN (see the section below on [blocking](#blocking)). The standard
specifies that the PUK is to be an 8-byte value, with each of the bytes any binary value from `0x00` to

> `0xFF`. The YubiKey, however, will accept a PUK of 6 to 8 characters. For YubiKeys with firmware versions prior to 5.7, the key will accept any value in the `0x00` -

Reviewer: Same as above

> `0xFF`. The YubiKey, however, will allow the PUK to be 6, 7, or 8 bytes long. For YubiKeys with firmware versions prior to 5.7, the key will accept any value in the `0x00` -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`0xFF`. For YubiKeys with firmware versions prior to 5.7, the key will accept any value in the `0x00` -
```

Reviewer: The PUK is always 8 characters, the PIN can be 6, 7 or 8 characters.

Author: The PUK can actually be 6-8 characters too. Just confirmed the behavior with the authenticator app.

`0xFF` range in the PUK. For YubiKeys with firmware version 5.7 and above, the key will only accept values in the `0x00` -
`0x7F` range. Values from `0x80` - `0xFF` will be considered invalid by the key, and any attempt to change the PUK to a byte array containing one of these values will fail. 

> These restrictions are due to the YubiKey's PUK length requirements: for firmware versions prior to 5.7, the YubiKey simply requires a PUK length of 6-8 bytes, but for firmware version 5.7 and above, that requirement has changed to 6-8 *Unicode code points* in length. This is an important change because the byte representation (UTF-8 encoding) of a single code point can be 1-4 bytes in length, which means that a 6-8 byte PUK may be less than 6-8 code points. In order to accomodate keys of varying firmware versions, the SDK maintains a 6-8 byte length requirement when calling [PivSession.TryChangePuk](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Piv.PivSession.TryChangePuk). However, keys with firmware 5.7 and above will only accept values that represent single-byte code points, hence the restricted range of `0x00` - `0x7F` (the range of `0x80` - `0xFF` represents code points of two bytes in length). For additional information on Unicode, UTF-8, and the SDK, see the [FIDO2 documentation](xref:TheFido2Pin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These restrictions are due to the YubiKey's PUK length requirements: for firmware versions prior to 5.7, the YubiKey simply requires a PUK length of 8 bytes, but for firmware version 5.7 and above, that requirement has changed to 8 *Unicode code points* in length. This is an important change because the byte representation (UTF-8 encoding) of a single code point can be 1-4 bytes in length, which means that a 8 byte PUK may be less than 8 code points. In order to accommodate keys of varying firmware versions, the SDK maintains a 8 byte length requirement when calling [PivSession.TryChangePuk](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Piv.PivSession.TryChangePuk). However, keys with firmware 5.7 and above will only accept values that represent single-byte code points, hence the restricted range of `0x00` - `0x7F` (the range of `0x80` - `0xFF` represents code points of two bytes in length). For additional information on Unicode, UTF-8, and the SDK, see the [FIDO2 documentation](xref:TheFido2Pin).
```

Reviewer: I believe my changes to be accurate but probably best to check with the firmware team to be sure.

> These restrictions are due to the YubiKey's PUK length requirements: for firmware versions prior to 5.7, the YubiKey simply requires a PUK length of 6-8 bytes, but for firmware version 5.7 and above, that requirement has changed to 6-8 *Unicode code points* in length. This is an important change because the byte representation (UTF-8 encoding) of a single code point can be 1-4 bytes in length, which means that a 6-byte PUK may be less than 6 code points. In order to accommodate keys of varying firmware versions, the SDK maintains a 6-8 byte length requirement when calling [PivSession.TryChangePuk](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Piv.PivSession.TryChangePuk) or [Piv.Commands.ChangeReferenceDataCommand](xref:Yubico.YubiKey.Piv.Commands.ChangeReferenceDataCommand). However, keys with firmware 5.7 and above will only accept values that represent single-byte code points, hence the restricted range of `0x00` - `0x7F` (the range of `0x80` - `0xFF` represents code points of two bytes in length). For additional information on Unicode, UTF-8, and the SDK, see the [FIDO2 documentation](xref:TheFido2Pin).

Reviewer: Same as above
